we're weird about visuals man with
people mutilate their kids decks because
of visuals that's what circumcision is
about a lot of people look I'm
circumcised I didn't ask to be I'm sure
a lot of you are circumcised and I'm
sure a lot of you circumcise your kids
but when you really stop and think about
its kind of fucking crazy I only have
daughters but me and my wife got an
argument about this shit she goes if we
had a kid named was a boy I would want
him to be circumcised I go why she goes
cuz uncut dicks are disgusting I'm like
how many of you seen it was so confident
it wasn't like she saw to that weren't
that pretty but she was holding out hope
for a cute one it was like now I'm
fucking seeing them no yeah yeah I'm
just picturing a river sleep the uncut
dicks in her past what are you saying
I'm like that's ridiculous the way it
looks really it no no no no no no no no
no it looks gross it's all this extra
skin like do you even know what a vagina
looks like
are you serious here have you ever been
sober and squat down in front of a
mirror and and take a good assessment on
what the fuck you're packing cuz let me
tell you something the extra skin might
be the best-looking part of that
contraption all right because if you
pulled out a bar you got the Predators
mouth all right
and you're really giving me a hard time
for some extra dick skin how dare you
how dare you be so minimally committed
to this passionate relationship I lick
your asshole and you're here complaining
about the looks of certain dicks how
rude how thoughtless and look man if you
don't lick your girls asshole somebody
has or somebody will it's tough it's
that serious it's another level of
commitment I would never circumcised my
kid but what I might do is like cut it
like a crown go he's the king man my
kids the king go to the doctor hey many
think he'd do that shit in some kind of
tribal pattern or something what is that
fuck is wrong with us